well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about a
senator and his book deal
because it seems like a senator got
himself in a little bit of hot water
with his publisher
and now his publisher doesn't want to
publish his book anymore
and uh the senator senator howley he
released a statement
i'm gonna read it because i think
there's something really important in
here so y'all stick around
he starts off by saying this could not
be more orwellian
that gets your attention right off the
bat doesn't it and he says the name of
the publisher here which i'm not going
to
is canceling my contract because i was
representing my constituents
leading a debate on the senate floor on
voter integrity
which they have now decided to redefine
as sedition
that sounds serious but that's not
actually what got my attention here
he says let me be clear this is not
just a contract dispute that's what got
my attention
if it's not a contract dispute what kind
of dispute is it you know
he tells us he says it's a direct
assault on the first amendment
you know i didn't go to yale law school
but i do have google so i went to google
and i typed in text first amendment
and if you do that it brings up the text
of the first amendment you can read it
and it starts off by saying congress
shall make no law and then it lists a
whole bunch of things that congress
really isn't supposed to be involved in
you know but then i got confused
because that doesn't sound like what's
happening here it sounds more like
there's a business decision being made
doesn't sound like government censorship
it's not the government that's censoring
him
it's not the government stopping him
from publishing his thing
so i was thinking well that can't be
right you know
this man went to yale law school so i
was thinking well maybe
one of his publishers is in congress so
i looked
and i mean maybe one of them is but i
couldn't find them
so that didn't seem like it to me so i
was thinking well
maybe his publisher paid off
sorry made a campaign contribution to
somebody
in congress got a little something done
you know how stuff works up in dc
looked on open secrets couldn't find
that either didn't seem like
it and then i found out congress really
hadn't been getting a whole lot done
anyway they
were getting interrupted so it seemed
odd
but i figured i'd read the rest of it
anyway he said
only approved speech can now be
published
by a publisher yeah
i mean that's true that's how that works
the publisher approves something and
then publishes it
yeah i mean it's in the name publisher
that's that's
that is definitely a true statement when
you're talking about a publisher
again it's not like the publisher is
stopping him from putting his work out
it's not like they're using the force of
government to
censor him stop him from speaking stop
him from saying things
or getting his work out there in any way
there's a whole bunch of other
publishing companies
maybe one of them would be happy to work
with him i don't know
but again it just sounds like a business
decision doesn't sound
like a first amendment issue but we do
have to entertain the idea
that maybe the senator just doesn't
understand the first amendment that well
because we do need to remember that this
is a senator who voted for supreme court
justice
voted to confirm her after she was asked
kind of outline the freedoms protected
by the first amendment
and she couldn't without help
um so maybe that's it
and you know when you really think about
it
there may be other options as to what's
going on here but i could really only
kind of think of two
one is that a senator who went to yale
law school doesn't understand the first
amendment
that would be one and again maybe
there's other options
but the only other one that i can think
of
is that he does understand it
but he's just engaging in a little bit
of salesmanship a little bit of
hyperbole
getting his supporters fired up so maybe
when he does get another book deal
they'll be more eager to buy it
get him excited he's just reframing
things been
bending you know his understanding of
something a little bit making it
more interesting to those people
who would uh be reading it
be listening to him you know there's
nothing wrong with that
there's nothing wrong with engaging in a
little bit of hyperbole
and getting people fired up reframing
things to make it sound
a little bit different than it really is
i mean what could go wrong with that
oh yeah
that's kind of how a lot of this
started isn't it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day